[Music]
ch
Relatives and aunts rejoice today as the couple ties the knot and goes
to the temple to pray for
a hundred years of happiness for the couple. They pray for children,
grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. The bride,
Lan Tu,
offers flowers and bows her head, obeying the Buddha's teachings and advice,
always upholding the five virtues. Respecting each other,
sharing care and cherishing each other throughout
life. With clasped hands, the bride bows to her mother, thanking her for her
nurturing and upbringing. She
obeys her mother and father, offering gifts and offerings to the World Honored One. The
children will live happily together,
always cherishing their parents. The weekly
festival at our house, the bride, Lan Tu,
offers flowers and
offerings. The Buddha awaits her death, wishing the
couple happiness in their lives.
[Music]
Relatives and aunts rejoice today as the
couple ties the knot and goes to the temple to pray for
a hundred years of happiness for the couple. They pray for children, grandchildren, and
great-grandchildren. The bride,
Lan Tu, offers flowers and offerings, bowing her head.
The teacher, obeying the Buddha's teachings, always practices the five
virtues: respecting each
other, sharing care and
cherishing each other throughout life. With clasped
hands, the child bows to mother and father, grateful for their
nurturing and upbringing. Always
obedient to mother, bowing to father, offering
gifts to the Buddha. The
original verse says: "May the children be safe,
loving, and happy, always living in harmony. May flowers bloom, may our
family's festival be celebrated." The new year of LC,
offering flowers, the verse says: "May the Buddha's death bring
happiness to the couple,
a hundred silver coins.
" The original verse says: "May the Buddha's death bring
happiness to the
couple, a hundred silver coins."
[Music]
[Applause] [Music
]
[Music]